=pod

=head1 Change Log

=over 4

=item B<Version 1.000> (2013-08-12)

Switched to standard X.YYYZZZ versioning.  Usage with preveious versions will
work as expected, but the documentation will be much clearer.

Fixed several tests for Win32 platforms.

Added BUILD_REQUIRES dependencies.

Replace META.yml with META.json.

=item B<Version 0.104> (2002-05-14)

Development and maintenance handed over to Mark Rogaski <mrogaski@cpan.org>.

Allow restriction of file permissions with -file_perm argument to Log::Agent::Rotate->make().

=item B<Version 0.103> (2001-04-11)

Mark rotation in the logfile before rotating it, so that any pending "tail -f" gets to know about it.  Added a regression test for it.

Now depends on Getargs::Long for argument parsing.

=item B<Version 0.102> (2000-11-12)

Untaint data read or rename() complains under -T.

Changed pre-req on Log::Agent: must now use 0.2.1.

Changed DLSI description to match CPAN's.

New -single_host parameter is used to optimize LockFile::Simple:.  We don't supply -nfs when -single_host is true, for faster locking procedure.

=item B<Version 0.101> (2000-11-6)

Moved to an array representation for the config object.

Removed reference to driver and the ability to specify -max_time in other units than seconds (e.g. "2d").

Added is_same() to compare rotation policies.

Added build_pm_hash() to compute PM value from MANIFEST.

Updated t/badconf.t to new detection logic within Log::Agent.

=item B<Version 0.100> (2000-05-05)

Initial revision.

=back

=cut

